[Music]
eleven habits that separate the rich
from the poor you ever wonder how the
ridiculously rich and successful end up
with millions or billions of dollars in
their bank accounts yeah we normies have
all thought about this at some point
especially when a lot of us struggle to
make ends meet are they simply born into
wealth do they get lucky one day or is
it something they do Thomas C Corley
author of change your habits change your
life says that it isn't your paycheck
charm or Lady Luck that dictates how
wealthy you become the key is the habits
that you develop over time this is what
separates the rich from the poor that's
why we put together a list of eleven of
these rich habits so that you can give
them a shot yourself and before you get
on the road to riches go ahead and hit
that subscribe button and ring the bell
for notifications that way you won't
miss any of the fun and useful videos
coming out daily on the bright side of
life alright starting at number one
staying active a lot of rich people
spend about 30 minutes a day doing some
kind of exercise most of the time they
do cardio like running walking or
cycling because these heart pumping
exercises are good for both the body and
the mind they have a positive effect on
the neutrons and stimulate the
production of glucose which is great
brain fuel actually lots of wealthy
people continue doing the sports they
took up in childhood Bill Gates for
instance has been playing tennis pretty
much his whole life besides staying
physically active it's also important to
add a well-balanced diet of the equation
you need to maintain high energy levels
if you have a full-time job
or you're hustling two to three
part-time ones a healthy and fit body
makes you more focused and productive
throughout the day
number two reading everyone knows that
most millionaires are too busy to have
much free time so when it comes to
reading they don't really do it for
pleasure but mainly to expand their
knowledge rich people tend to read a lot
of self-help and personal development
literature as well as historical books
and biographies of famous people of
course where else can you learn how to
be rich and successful but from books
describing the lives of those who are or
work this way you'll avoid making the
same mistakes they made and find out the
best way to solve problems remember that
in business or work mistakes can be
costly bon jovi is a great example of a
person who enjoys reading not to mention
the world's third wealthiest person
Warren Buffett dedicates 80 percent of
his working day to reading and one of
his favorite books is business
adventures by John Brooks hmm figures
number three keeping clothing choices
simple many wealthy people make it a
habit to keep wearing the same clothes
for many years Facebook founder and
great t-shirt and hoodie aficionado
Mark Zuckerberg explains his simple
wardrobe by saying that he wants to get
rid of all that extra stuff in his life
he wants to make this few decisions as
possible that don't concern his
contribution to society and that
includes deciding what he's gonna wear
makes sense I mean how many times are
you late for work or school because you
couldn't make up your mind on which
socks matched your shoes it's
frustrating isn't it well this
frustration is something neurologists
call decision fatigue experts say that
the average person makes thirty five
thousand decisions a day and all this
mental activity weighs on the mind so
just imagine how many risky decisions
the CEO of a multi-million dollar
company makes in a single day and their
decisions don't just affect their
business but the lives of their
employees as well so don't sweat the
small stuff
keep it simple bright Siders
[Music]
number four saving money
believe it or not rich people do make it
a point to save their money they always
know how much they have in the bank
because they carefully track their
expenses and earnings
despite the jaw-dropping amounts of
money they have millionaires don't blow
it all on things they don't need yes
they can buy anything at the snap of
their fingers but he choose not to Bill
Gates owns a ten dollar watch and his
billionaire friend Warren Buffett even
paid with coupons when they dine
together at a fast food chain in Hong
Kong others choose to fly economy and
live in modest homes for decades these
people must have an incredible amount of
self-control number five using public
transport that's right
there are lots of wealthy people that
use public transport walk to work if
they can or ride a bike Bill de Blasio
the mayor of New York proves this to be
true he takes the subway just like a lot
of his fellow New Yorkers the
now-retired co-founder of phones4u john
Cardwell cycled to and from work every
day surprisingly they're normal people
just like us who are aware of the
convenience of using public transit and
alternative methods of transport number
six passing on brand-new cars even if a
rich person decides to buy a car they
usually don't buy high-end models to
show off they don't change cars every
year just because they can they hold on
to their vehicles for at least ten years
to get the full value of them for
example Leonardo DiCaprio drives a
Toyota Prius which is a ridiculously
cheap car compared to how much money he
earns Jim Walton the youngest son of
Walmart founder Sam Walton has driven a
rusty Dodge Dakota picked up for more
than 15 years they don't keep up with
the Joneses even though they can afford
a garage of luxurious cars or a fleet of
private jets
[Music]
number seven waking up early
an astounding majority of the world's
richest and most successful people are
early birds and this is because waking
up early gives them enough time to do
their daily chores and work while still
having enough time for family a poll
carried out by time management expert
Laura Vander cam showed that 90% of top
executives wake up before 6 a.m. on
weekdays and rich habits expert Thomas
Corley found that 50% of self-made
millionaires prefer waking up 3 hours
before the start of their workday
who on earth wakes up that early well
Apple CEO Tim Cook gets up at 3:45 a.m.
every day PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi is up
at 4 a.m. and Disney CEO Bob Iger gets
out of bed at 4:30 a.m. hitting the
snooze button is probably the hardest
habit to break
but it is well worth it in the long run
[Music]
number 8 meditating meditation is a
great way to relieve pressure and stress
it has a positive effect on our mood and
behavior relaxes our brain and muscles
and helps us discover new creative ideas
since it flushes out all that
unnecessary mental clutter and according
to a 2012 study conducted at the
University of Washington meditation
increases your productivity this is a
great practice that lots of wealthy
people used like Oprah Winfrey Jeff
whiner and Jerry Seinfeld number 9
understanding body language millionaires
know how to earn people's trust to
convince others and to reach success
through communication do they smile
often yeah because they want to be
perceived as reliable approachable and
sincere do they hold their body in a
powerful Superman or Wonder Woman pose
absolutely if their aim is to exude
confidence they use body language that
not only attracts listeners but also
creates an image Elon Musk uses these
tricks and so did Steve Jobs
number ten not watching a lot of TV rich
people watch a lot less TV than average
folks do they're used to spending both
their professional and personal time
productively so they prefer to read a
book take a walk work out or chat with
an interesting person young millionaire
Garret D says that it's important to
find three hobbies one for making money
one for creativity and one more for
staying healthy another fascinating
discoveries from quarterly study is that
rich people spend less than an hour a
day surfing the net unless it's
job-related less screen time means more
time for productivity number eleven
making plans most rich people say that
no matter how much money you lose you
can always earn it again however there's
no way of getting back wasted time if
you don't have a clear plan ahead of you
you can't reach success the golden rule
is the right plan prevents backward this
is why millionaires plan their time make
to-do lists and set daily goals if plan
a doesn't work then you still have 25
more letters in the English alphabet
rich people aren't afraid to take
calculated risks and when they fail
they're not afraid to try again the late
Steve Jobs said that patience and
planning are the keys to success very
well put sir which of these habits would
you like to adopt tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to hit the
like button and share this video with
your friends who aspire to become
millionaire some day be sure to
subscribe and join us on the bright side
of life until next time